all right Swamp clear be naughty and
it's going to work this time that's what
you think by the way you're still using
the 70s fix god damn you're right I
changed on the main server though that's
what counts okay you know what take that
I am big damage I demand to retry what
look at the damage there oh man I'm
gonna go the other way that was that was
really sad too embarrassed Oh regarding
the two top rated comments on the fewer
tour I love you both very much he's
still a pic Hillary I'm still a dick
don't ya don't don't look food uh I
don't really love you as what I'm trying
to say well you can't spell dick without
Nick yeah oh oh man never heard it
before haha can't spell dumb without
spaghetti pretty straight cut shut up
you don't know how words work oh yeah
oh dang it oh wait no I was the good
horn it's it sounds like a bad horn
sounds like you're thinking a trip or
something yeah birds why have you not
found home in yet he's probably hiding
in the middle what it was target spotted
should we get him no I want to shoot him
once what why Roman why are you talking
oh god it's funny cuz it's not doing any
damage I am relieved that the middle of
this map is not actually a swamp train
this gun is amusing to me it's like
doing no damage to me know that actually
isn't damnit ow don't kill him yet oh
nevermind ok button I feel terrible
see I feel like the middle of this Maps
not going to be used very well it's
probably just in that tank destroyer
sitting on the outskirts just looking in
roman white why are you doing that that
hurt even though I'm dead oh maybe this
is swamped rain mansions